Quote all alphabetic defaults. (#7660)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/index-rollups/rollup-api.md

`schedule.interval.cron.expression` | Specify a Unix cron expression. | String | Yes
`schedule.interval.cron.timezone` | Specify timezones as defined by the IANA Time Zone Database. Defaults to UTC. | String | No
`description` | Optionally, describe the rollup job. | String | No
`enabled` | When true, the index rollup job is scheduled. Default is `true`. | Boolean | Yes

> `continuous` | Specify whether or not the index rollup job continuously rolls up data forever or just executes over the current data set once and stops. Default is `false`. | Boolean | Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`continuous` | Specify whether or not the index rollup job continuously rolls up data forever or executes over the current dataset once and stops. Default is `false`. | Boolean | Yes
```
